chore: update node agent compaitility and upgrade notes for Node agent v8 release. (#3273)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/nodejs-agent/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-nodejs-agent.mdx

      </td>

      <td>

>         July 26, 2021 with Node Agent v8.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        July 26, 2021 with Node.js agent v8.0.0
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         As of July 26, 2021, we're discontinuing support for Node.js 10. For more details, including how you can easily prepare for this transition, see our [Explorers Hub post](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/important-upcoming-changes-to-support-and-capabilities-across-browser-node-js-agent-query-builder-net-agent-apm-errors-distributed-tracing/153373).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        As of July 26, 2021, we have discontinued support for Node.js 10 with v8 of the Node.js agent. For more details, including how you can easily prepare for this transition, see our [Explorers Hub post](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/important-upcoming-changes-to-support-and-capabilities-across-browser-node-js-agent-query-builder-net-agent-apm-errors-distributed-tracing/153373).
```
